
Check for PostgreSQL Major Version
Ensure that PostgreSQL database servers are using the latest major version of PostgreSQL database.

Configure "log_min_error_statement" Flag for PostgreSQL Database Instances
Ensure that PostgreSQL database instances have the appropriate configuration set for the "log_min_error_statement" flag.
set to ERROR

Configure "max_connections" Flag for PostgreSQL Database Instances
Ensure that PostgreSQL database instances have the appropriate configuration set for the "max_connections" flag.
arbitary

Configure Automatic Storage Increase Limit
Ensure there is an automatic storage increase limit configured for your Cloud SQL database instances.

Configure Root Password for MySQL Database Access
Ensure that MySQL databases can't be accessed with administrative privileges only (i.e. without using passwords).

Disable "Contained Database Authentication" Flag for SQL Server Database Instances
Ensure that SQL Server database instances have "contained database authentication" flag set to Off.

Disable "Cross DB Ownership Chaining" Flag for SQL Server Database Instances
Ensure that SQL Server database instances have "cross db ownership chaining" flag set to Off.

Disable "local_infile" Flag for MySQL Database Instances
Ensure that MySQL database instances have the "local_infile" flag set to Off (disabled).


Enable "slow_query_log" Flag for MySQL Database Servers
Ensure that MySQL database instances have the "slow_query_log" flag set to On (enabled).

Enable Automated Backups for Cloud SQL Database Instances
Ensure that Cloud SQL database instances are configured with automated backups.

Enable Automatic Storage Increase
Ensure that automatic storage increase is enabled for your Cloud SQL database instances.

Enable Cloud SQL Instance Encryption with Customer-Managed Keys
Ensure that Cloud SQL instances are encrypted with Customer-Managed Keys (CMKs).

Enable High Availability for Cloud SQL Database Instances
Ensure that production SQL database instances are configured to automatically fail over to another zone within the selected cloud region.

Enable Point-in-Time Recovery for MySQL Database Instances
Ensure that your MySQL database instances have Point-in-Time Recovery feature enabled.

Enable SSL/TLS for Cloud SQL Incoming Connections
Ensure that Cloud SQL database instances require all incoming connections to use SSL/TLS.

Rotate Server Certificates for Cloud SQL Database Instances
Ensure that Cloud SQL server certificates are rotated (renewed) before their
